welcome to MLS now in downtown Portland
at the heart of Pioneer Courthouse
Square where in just to put over 24
hours guys the mls all-star match is
going to be taking place as a team faces
off against Bayern Munich I'm Jackie
Montgomery here with Taylor 12 min from
ESPN everyone else everyone else to
climb you guys called me or what a big
deal today you know this I'm just the
only one that were said yes exactly is
the only one to answer our calls and of
course Jason saghini from mlssoccer.com
now guys yesterday was the inaugural
chipotle MLS homegirl match and you guys
both had something to do with it oh and
I can't forget men in a Blazers took
place right here no no amazing it was a
good day yeah minimum busy men in
blazers packed the house here at Pioneer
Square it was great show Rajan de veau
obviously hilarious guys but you add in
a really all star guest list Clint
Dempsey alex Morgan will jantan it was
interesting to see the Portland crowd
reacting to some of those seattle
sounders World Cup heroes you know it's
kind of like mixed emotions the clasp a
relationship but a great show and you
can see it on mlssoccer.com it is
archived there Taylor you were at the
total a homegrown game first-ever of its
kind it disappointing because it was 00
i'll say that but it is a something that
i talked about throughout the game it's
it has to start at some point I raised
this question imagine if we would have
had that game three four years ago we
might have seen a DeAndre Yedlin then
you see him play in the World Cup I
think it's gonna be very interesting
what comes about that game three four
years down the road because I think
we're gonna see homegrown players where
the oldest homegrown player on that
roster is 18 maybe 19 instead at 24 25 I
think it's the start of something good
was it a little disappointing yes but
it's the start of something we r 34
years ago a road i'll say hey i was
there for the first one news of the day
I guess getting back to the all-star
game Kyle Beckerman unfortunately out of
the all-star game he's got some I don't
know if they've specified the injury
heard its it's gross looking that's all
okay but Liam Ridgewell takes this place
defender from the Portland Timbers I
think this is just more out of
convenience he's here Caleb Porter say
he doesn't want to interrupt the other
team's schedule how convenient it's a
Portland Timbers player yes I go good
Seattle's so far away i've already had
about 30 or 40 tweets from seattle
sounders fans on this I'll say this I
Liam which was only played three games
so what I have liked to seen maybe a
Diego Chara come in for Kyle Beck Kyle
Beckerman when I'd like to see Jack
Jewsbury maybe because then the players
understand it but after speaking with
Caleb Porter I now understand why he's
doing it he didn't want one single
player to play 90 minutes in the one
player that was gonna play 90 look like
it was gonna be michael parkhurst he had
to bring in a defender and i think liam
ridgewell can play left back he can play
center back now i understand the move
and let's be honest Caleb Porter
probably wants to give Diego Chara a
break and given the time off because
he's more important to that team I
understand Liam would well so what kind
of lineup do you expect Caleb Porter to
put out there against Bayern Munich I
mean how do you go up with a team of
all-stars guys who haven't played
together can you go three in the back if
you need to i mean is that a little
risky and this kind of you may have to
thaw Jay because when you really look at
it duty it's they've got how many good
midfielders coming through the midfield
all that here's the problem with
all-star games and everyone fails to
recognize is that it's an all-star game
you're not building a team for a team I
think Caleb but is actually done a
pretty good job with bobby boswell Shan
Frankland maressa do Liam woods well
coming in in the reason why I say that
is he picked all replacements that are
on the defensive side of things they
don't need help offensively Dom Dwyer
replaces jermain defoe I think it's
gonna be very I I don't think they play
three in the back because they haven't
trained long enough to do that but then
again who knows what Caleb Porter maybe
he says no let's play five midfielders
central midfielders just the clog out
the midfield and see what happens a lot
of sweat it is an all-star game though a
lot of scoring talent on this roster so
why not throw a couple guys out there
and try to get some golden should be fun
I mean everyone likes goals yes not nail
nail games we're just talking about all
right well let's talk about another
defender who was in the news this
morning and that's Carlos Valdez the
Colombian
world cup that making his return to the
Philadelphia Union big gap for the Union
as they're currently on the playoff
bubble just a few spots on the outside
looking in right now yeah for me this is
a huge move I mean you're bringing in a
guy who is a known commodity in MLS
we've seen him before he was an all-star
when he was here when you look at the
Philadelphia Union I kind of broke their
season up into the first 11 games and
the second 11 in the first 11 games they
scored 10 goals in the second 11 they've
scored 24 so the offense now is clicking
things are working better with Nogueira
and Maidana Conor Casey getting into it
so really the for them the help was
needed at the center back musician and I
think he you couldn't have asked for a
better scientist no and they also
brought in you know the world cup
goalkeeper from Algeria as well right so
I understand what they're doing I love
the signing from Carlos Valdez and I
actually think if I had to pick one team
out of the playoff picture at this
moment I think Philadelphia makes the
playoffs because of this signing now
what do you do it gives you the luxury
to say well Marissa do complain the
midfield I can play him next to Valdez
everyone forgets Austin buried next to
friedrich was a very good center back
for chicago fire maybe he's better at
centre-back and then you can play okugo
and a do in the midfield they're very
good going forward I think Brian Browns
an interesting pick up I think he could
be very dangerous one game one goal yeah
nice ratio yeah I thought that Taylor
Twellman asked ratio there and I let's
hope he's better than that let's be
honest but you really look at it i think
the Eastern Conference because of how
uncertain they really are your stats say
a lot I think Philadelphia's turning the
corner involved as only hope so let's
move on and not talk about all the
serious stuff as we've been doing
because the mls all-star event has so
many different things going on and later
on today is a little thing they like to
call Foot Golf now you like to play real
golf likes golf go as he put it MSO not
footgolf but I've never played have you
guys do you enlighten me let me issue is
this a Portland thing I know you even
heard of
I've never heard of frisbee golf it's an
up-and-coming sport there's a course or
two maybe in New Jersey that I know
about that I'm actually gonna hit up
later this summer I don't know I'm
excited to see it's basically golf with
a soccer ball and the holds a little
bigger we're gonna have you know a bunch
of the all stars out there or the part
like what is it par 134 no it's like
three it's still apart you figure it out
bitch of course I well I really very
serious we're doing three holes for this
event they're doing three holes for this
event oh okay no there's a part of three
there's a par 4 and maybe five I can't
believe we're gone it's football it's
gonna go Johnny for a great video let me
know how it is will you we're gonna have
the video on the site tomorrow so you
guys can tune in MLS soccer calm and you
can see how these guys do out there I'll
be rearranging my sock drawers it should
be honest alright well as Jason said you
can check out footgolf and much much
more on mlssoccer.com and tomorrow will
be coming to you from the media cup
which takes place with obviously media
yep in the annual soccer tournament and
we'll be there tomorrow morning so
thanks for tuning in
you